# Tutorial: Build a Production-Ready App with Kinvey Studio

Kinvey Studio is a rapid app development tool for building cross-platform applications. In this hands-on tutorial you’ll learn how to use Kinvey Studio by building an application that:

- **Connects to data**, whether that data resides in Kinvey, or in an existing data store such as Salesforce, SQL Server, or SAP.
- **Has a complete user management system**, including the ability to integrate with existing enterprise authentication providers such as Active Directory.
- **Includes a customizable chat experience** built on top of Kinvey’s powerful NativeChat technology.
- **Is built on open technologies**. Kinvey Studio apps are built on top of NativeScript and Angular, giving you the opportunity to extend your applications using well-known frameworks.

The app you’re building is for a hypothetical company named ACME. ACME needs an app for their field technicians to respond to and fix equipment failures. In this tutorial you’ll learn how Kinvey Studio works by building the ACME app in the gifs below from scratch.

> **TODO**: Gifs of all three applications here.

> **NOTE**: The final state of the application is [available on GitHub]() if you want to jump straight to the final state to see what Kinvey Studio makes possible.

> **TODO**: The GitHub link above doesn’t work yet.

## Table of contents

* [Chapter 1: Getting up and running](1.md)
* [Chapter 2: Working with UI and data](2.md)
* [Chapter 3: Users and authentication](3.md)
* [Chapter 4: Integrating a chatbot](4.md)
* [Chapter 5: Writing custom code](5.md)
* [Chapter 6: Getting ready for production](6.md)

## Next steps

* [Continue to Chapter 1—Getting up and running](1.md)
