# Chapter 1: Getting up and running

In this chapter you’ll learn how to download and install Kinvey Studio, how to start your first app, how to run that app on multiple platforms, and how to establish a development workflow.

Let’s get started.

## Table of Contents

* [1.1: Download and install Kinvey Studio](#1.1)
* [1.2: Create a Kinvey account and login](#1.2)
* [1.3: Start an app](#1.3)
* [1.4: Run your app on the web](#1.4)
* [1.5: Run your app on mobile](#1.5)

<h2 id="1.1">1.1: Download and install Kinvey Studio</h2>

Kinvey Studio is a desktop development tool and is available for Windows and macOS. Follow the link below to download Kinvey Studio and install it on your development machine.

* [Install Kinvey Studio](https://studio.kinvey.com)

> **NOTE**: The above link isn’t live quite yet. Not sure how we’re going to distribute internally.

After you complete the installation, open up the tool and you should see a screen like this.

> **TODO**: Image of Kinvey Studio splash screen.

Now that you have Kinvey Studio installed and ready to go, let’s create a Kinvey account.

<h2 id="1.2">1.2: Create a Kinvey account and login</h2>

To use Kinvey Studio you must have a Kinvey account. If you don’t have already have a Kinvey account, go ahead and create one using the link below.

* [Create a Kinvey account](https://console.kinvey.com/signup)

One you’ve successfully created an account, head back to Kinvey Studio and complete the login process with your new credentials.

> **TODO**: Image showing the login screen with some random credentials in place.

Once you do that you should see a screen that looks like this.

> **TODO**: Image of Kinvey Studio’s main dashboard here.

Now that you’ve installed Kinvey Studio and have logged in, let’s look at how to start a new app.

<h2 id="1.3">1.3: Start an app</h2>

In Kinvey Studio applications are projects that can run both as web and mobile apps. To start one, click the plus button on Kinvey Studio’s main dashboard screen.

> **TODO**: Image that shows an arrow pointing to the plus button in question.

On the next screen you’ll have to provide a few pieces of information about your app.

* **App Name**: The name of your app. For this tutorial use **ACME**.
* **Location**: A location on your machine where you’d like to store your project. Choose whatever works best for you.
* **Description**: An optional description of your app. Feel free to leave this blank for now.
* **Kinvey Backend**: All Kinvey Studio apps are tied to a Kinvey Backend, which is a concept you’ll learn about later in this tutorial. For now, select **Create a Sample Kinvey Backend App**, which will create a backend app with some sample data to help you experiment with Studio quickly.

> **TODO**: Image of the Studio screen with all data filled in.

Once you have everything in place, go ahead and hit the **Create App** button to create your new app.

On the next screen you’ll see your application’s dashboard in Kinvey Studio, which allows you to do a number of things.

> **TODO**: Image of the main dashboard in Kinvey Studio with labels pointing at things.



<h2 id="1.4">1.4: Run your app on the web</h2>



<h2 id="1.5">1.5: Run your app on mobile</h2>


## Next steps

* [Continue to chapter 2](#2.md)